old man
My girlfriend is in a hurry for money
Please give me back the 500 yuan
Catch something big, next time, next time?
Take the new one that just came out.
I said why do you always
Every time
Stupid thing, do you know how expensive my car is?
You can't afford to sell your mother
Dongdong
Obviously you hit it first, it's you who should apologize
I delivered takeout, and you dare to talk back
What should I do?
Baby
You really told me to let you drive well
Can't we talk about this at the hotel?
Lily, what are you doing here?
Didn't you say you knew you went begging? Wu Tian, you
Where do you care where I go?
What does it have to do with you?
Is this your boyfriend?
Thanks bro
Give me such a beautiful girlfriend to play with
Lili, why did you betray me, Wu Tian?
You didn't even hold my hand
How can this be considered betrayal? I advise you?
Or hurry up and kneel down and kowtow to Zhang Shao and apologize
He's someone you can't afford to offend
Are you unconvinced?
What can you do if you are not convinced?
A low-level reptile like you
Deserving the green grassland
Then kneel before me
Be a dog that begs for mercy
I kill you I kill you
Stop it, you lunatic
You still help him
I want your life today
See Jaguar Galaxy Lord
Master, you have been traveling abroad for many years
Please come back.
Welcome back to join us
Trimble family
It was from the Republic of China
It can be a big factory that is rich enough to rival the country
Didn't you say he was a delivery man?
I don't know.
Big baby, you're killing me
Don't kneel down and apologize to Qian Bao's family. I
I was wrong, please forgive me.
I turned out to be the patriarch of the Qianbao family
Here's hahaha
I didn't expect it.
I've been hiding for so long and still let you pull
I'm going back today, old man
I didn't expect you to be the family of the legendary Tianbao
You, you made me suffer so badly, go and be presumptuous
How dare you be rude to grandpa
Don't worry, lad.
I won't owe you anything
Do you see it?
These treasures on the book stand are all paid off for you
There will be a period later.
White dry white
Hey.
old man
It turns out that you are not a subordinate of the Heavenly King.
Kid, I will kill you today
Whoever is afraid of you is a coward
Uh-huh.
Stop hitting.
Don't fight, don't fight
Stop it, stop it
Ah!
Zhang Shao, are you alright?
he
Is he dead?
Yes!
OK
Okay, okay. Okay.